// @(#)includeDB_gc_parallelScavenge	1.24 03/03/06 21:38:27
// 
// Copyright 1993-2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc.  All rights reserved.
// SUN PROPRIETARY/CONFIDENTIAL.  Use is subject to license terms.
// 

// NOTE: DO NOT CHANGE THIS COPYRIGHT TO NEW STYLE - IT WILL BREAK makeDeps!

cardTableExtension.cpp                  cardTableExtension.hpp
cardTableExtension.cpp                  gcTaskManager.hpp
cardTableExtension.cpp                  oop.inline.hpp
cardTableExtension.cpp                  oop.psgc.inline.hpp
cardTableExtension.cpp                  parallelScavengeHeap.hpp
cardTableExtension.cpp                  psTasks.hpp
cardTableExtension.cpp                  psYoungGen.hpp

cardTableExtension.hpp                  cardTableModRefBS.hpp

gcTaskManager.hpp                       mutex.hpp
gcTaskManager.hpp                       growableArray.hpp

gcTaskManager.cpp                       allocation.hpp
gcTaskManager.cpp                       allocation_inline.hpp
gcTaskManager.cpp                       gcTaskManager.hpp
gcTaskManager.cpp                       gcTaskThread.hpp
gcTaskManager.cpp                       mutex.hpp
gcTaskManager.cpp                       mutexLocker.hpp

gcTaskThread.hpp                        thread.hpp

gcTaskThread.cpp                        allocation.hpp
gcTaskThread.cpp                        allocation_inline.hpp
gcTaskThread.cpp                        gcTaskManager.hpp
gcTaskThread.cpp                        gcTaskThread.hpp
gcTaskThread.cpp                        handles.hpp
gcTaskThread.cpp                        handles_inline.hpp
gcTaskThread.cpp                        os.hpp
gcTaskThread.cpp                        resourceArea.hpp
gcTaskThread.cpp                        thread.hpp

generationSizer.hpp                     collectorPolicy.hpp

objectStartArray.cpp                    allocation_inline.hpp
objectStartArray.cpp                    cardTableModRefBS.hpp
objectStartArray.cpp                    java.hpp
objectStartArray.cpp                    objectStartArray.hpp
objectStartArray.cpp                    virtualspace.hpp

objectStartArray.hpp                    allocation.hpp
objectStartArray.hpp                    memRegion.hpp
objectStartArray.hpp                    oop.hpp

parallelScavengeHeap.cpp                adaptiveSizePolicy.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.cpp                cardTableExtension.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.cpp                generationSizer.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.cpp                java.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.cpp                oop.inline.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.cpp                parallelScavengeHeap.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.cpp                psMarkSweep.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.cpp                psPromotionManager.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.cpp                psScavenge.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.cpp                vmThread.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.cpp                vm_operations.hpp

parallelScavengeHeap.hpp                collectedHeap.inline.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.hpp                objectStartArray.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.hpp                gcPolicyCounters.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.hpp                psOldGen.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.hpp                psPermGen.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.hpp                psYoungGen.hpp
parallelScavengeHeap.hpp                ostream.hpp

psMarkSweep.cpp                         adaptiveSizePolicy.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         events.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         fprofiler.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         gcLocker.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         isGCActiveMark.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         oop.inline.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         parallelScavengeHeap.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         psMarkSweep.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         psMarkSweepDecorator.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         psOldGen.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         psPermGen.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         psScavenge.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         psYoungGen.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         referencePolicy.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         referenceProcessor.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         safepoint.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         symbolTable.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         systemDictionary.hpp
psMarkSweep.cpp                         vmThread.hpp

psMarkSweep.hpp                         markSweep.inline.hpp
psMarkSweep.hpp                         collectorCounters.hpp

psMarkSweepDecorator.cpp                liveRange.hpp
psMarkSweepDecorator.cpp                markSweep.inline.hpp
psMarkSweepDecorator.cpp                objectStartArray.hpp
psMarkSweepDecorator.cpp                oop.inline.hpp
psMarkSweepDecorator.cpp                parallelScavengeHeap.hpp
psMarkSweepDecorator.cpp                psMarkSweep.hpp
psMarkSweepDecorator.cpp                psMarkSweepDecorator.hpp
psMarkSweepDecorator.cpp                systemDictionary.hpp

psMarkSweepDecorator.hpp                mutableSpace.hpp

psOldGen.cpp                            adaptiveSizePolicy.hpp
psOldGen.cpp                            cardTableModRefBS.hpp
psOldGen.cpp                            gcLocker.hpp
psOldGen.cpp                            java.hpp
psOldGen.cpp                            oop.inline.hpp
psOldGen.cpp                            parallelScavengeHeap.hpp
psOldGen.cpp                            psMarkSweepDecorator.hpp
psOldGen.cpp                            psOldGen.hpp

psOldGen.hpp                            generationCounters.hpp
psOldGen.hpp                            mutableSpace.hpp
psOldGen.hpp                            objectStartArray.hpp
psOldGen.hpp                            spaceCounters.hpp

psPermGen.cpp                           gcUtil.hpp
psPermGen.cpp                           parallelScavengeHeap.hpp
psPermGen.cpp                           psMarkSweepDecorator.hpp
psPermGen.cpp                           psPermGen.hpp

psPermGen.hpp                           psOldGen.hpp

psPromotionManager.cpp                  memRegion.hpp
psPromotionManager.cpp                  mutableSpace.hpp
psPromotionManager.cpp                  oop.inline.hpp
psPromotionManager.cpp                  oop.psgc.inline.hpp
psPromotionManager.cpp                  parallelScavengeHeap.hpp
psPromotionManager.cpp                  psOldGen.hpp
psPromotionManager.cpp                  psPromotionManager.inline.hpp
psPromotionManager.cpp                  psScavenge.inline.hpp

psPromotionManager.hpp                  allocation.hpp
psPromotionManager.hpp                  prefetchQueue.hpp
psPromotionManager.hpp                  psPromotionLAB.hpp
psPromotionManager.hpp                  taskqueue.hpp

psPromotionManager.inline.hpp           psPromotionManager.hpp
psPromotionManager.inline.hpp           psScavenge.hpp

psPromotionLAB.cpp                      mutableSpace.hpp
psPromotionLAB.cpp                      oop.inline.hpp
psPromotionLAB.cpp                      parallelScavengeHeap.hpp
psPromotionLAB.cpp                      psPromotionLAB.hpp

psPromotionLAB.hpp                      allocation.hpp
psPromotionLAB.hpp                      objectStartArray.hpp

psScavenge.cpp                          adaptiveSizePolicy.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          cardTableExtension.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          fprofiler.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          gcLocker.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          gcTaskManager.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          handles_inline.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          isGCActiveMark.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          oop.inline.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          oop.psgc.inline.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          parallelScavengeHeap.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          psMarkSweep.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          psScavenge.inline.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          psTasks.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          referencePolicy.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          referenceProcessor.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          resourceArea.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          threadCritical.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          vmThread.hpp
psScavenge.cpp                          vm_operations.hpp

psScavenge.hpp                          allocation.hpp
psScavenge.hpp                          cardTableExtension.hpp
psScavenge.hpp                          collectorCounters.hpp
psScavenge.hpp                          oop.hpp

psScavenge.inline.hpp                   cardTableExtension.hpp
psScavenge.inline.hpp                   parallelScavengeHeap.hpp
psScavenge.inline.hpp                   psPromotionManager.hpp
psScavenge.inline.hpp                   psScavenge.hpp

psTasks.cpp                             cardTableExtension.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             fprofiler.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             gcTaskManager.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             iterator.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             oop.inline.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             oop.psgc.inline.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             psMarkSweep.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             psPromotionManager.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             psScavenge.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             psTasks.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             systemDictionary.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             thread.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             universe.hpp
psTasks.cpp                             vmThread.hpp

psTasks.hpp                             allocation.hpp
psTasks.hpp                             growableArray.hpp

psYoungGen.cpp                          gcUtil.hpp
psYoungGen.cpp                          java.hpp
psYoungGen.cpp                          oop.inline.hpp
psYoungGen.cpp                          parallelScavengeHeap.hpp
psYoungGen.cpp                          psMarkSweepDecorator.hpp
psYoungGen.cpp                          psYoungGen.hpp

psYoungGen.hpp                          generationCounters.hpp
psYoungGen.hpp                          mutableSpace.hpp
psYoungGen.hpp                          objectStartArray.hpp
psYoungGen.hpp                          spaceCounters.hpp

